README.md, before:

Jacob is a Java library that lets Java applications communicate with Microsoft Windows DLLs or COM libraries. It does this through the use of a custom DLL that the Jacob Java classes communicate with via JNI. The Java library and dll isolate the Java developer from the underlying windows libraries so that the Java developer does not have to write custom JNI code.Jacob is not used for creating ActiveX plugins or other modules that live inside of Microsoft Windows applications.

## Repositories
JACOB (Java-COM bridge) 
* Source was hosted on Sourceforge for for over a decade on the [jacob-project Sourceforge Repository](http://sourceforge.net/project/jacob-project)
* The Discussion forums are still up on [Sourceforge jacob-project Discussions](https://sourceforge.net/p/jacob-project/discussion)
* The root repository for source is no located [On GitHub](https://github.com/freemansoft/jacob-project)


## Documentation ##
You can find additional information in the [docs](docs) folder
* [Using Jacob](docs/UsingJacob.md)
* [ReleaseNotes](docs/ReleaseNotes.md)
* [Building Jacob From Source](docs/BuildingJacobFromSource.md)
  * Detailed instructions on creating a [build configuration file are in build.xml](build.xml)

## Usage ## 
* [Using Jacob](docs/UsingJacob.md)

Put the appropriate DLL for your platform into your runtime library path.
* jacob for 32 bit windows is located in /x86.
* jacob for 64 bit windows is located in /64.

## TODO ##
There is no good usage guide at this time.

# Release Notes 
See [ReleaseNotes](docs/ReleaseNotes.md) for a full history

## JACOB 1.20
### What's New
*   Upgraded from VS2015 to VS 2019
*   Move from Sourceforge to GitHub
*   Updated Junit jars
*   VT_DATE and SafeArray
### Tracked Changes
| Item | Description |
|-|-|
| **Bugs**              | |
|                   | none |
| **Patches**           | |
| 48                | Update to VS2019 Community and Windows 10 libs |
| 1                 | Support VT_DATE getting from SafeArray |
| **Feature Requests**  | |
|                   | none |

## JACOB 1.19
### What's New
* Upgraded from Java 6 to Java 8 compilation
* Upgraded from junit 3.8.1 to 4.12
* Migrated from CVS to GIT using sourceforge migration instructions https://sourceforge.net/p/forge/documentation/CVS/
### Tracked Changes
| Item | Description |
|-|-|
| **Bugs**              | |
| 132	           | 32 bit ponters not convertd to 64 bit |
| 130              | Name value incorrect in Mainfest.MF affecting tamper check|
| **Patches**           | |
|                   | none |
| **Feature Requests**  | |
|                   | none |

Commit message:

Convert project to make it drop-in replacement of sbowrapper.jar

README.md, after:

Jacob is a Java library that lets Java applications communicate with Microsoft Windows DLLs or COM libraries. It does this through the use of a custom DLL that the Jacob Java classes communicate with via JNI. The Java library and dll isolate the Java developer from the underlying windows libraries so that the Java developer does not have to write custom JNI code.Jacob is not used for creating ActiveX plugins or other modules that live inside of Microsoft Windows applications.

This is a fork of the original project to make it serve as a drop-in replacement of sbowrapper.jar which is merely a rebranded older version of JACOB, bundled with SAP B1.

## Repositories
JACOB (Java-COM bridge) 
* Source was hosted on Sourceforge for for over a decade on the [jacob-project Sourceforge Repository](http://sourceforge.net/project/jacob-project)
* The Discussion forums are still up on [Sourceforge jacob-project Discussions](https://sourceforge.net/p/jacob-project/discussion)
* The root repository for source is no located [On GitHub](https://github.com/freemansoft/jacob-project)


## Documentation ##
You can find additional information in the [docs](docs) folder
* [Using Jacob](docs/UsingJacob.md)
* [ReleaseNotes](docs/ReleaseNotes.md)
* [Building Jacob From Source](docs/BuildingJacobFromSource.md)
  * Detailed instructions on creating a [build configuration file are in build.xml](build.xml)

## Usage ## 
* [Using Jacob](docs/UsingJacob.md)

Put the appropriate DLL for your platform into your runtime library path.
* jacob for 32 bit windows is located in /x86.
* jacob for 64 bit windows is located in /64.

## TODO ##
There is no good usage guide at this time.

# Release Notes 
See [ReleaseNotes](docs/ReleaseNotes.md) for a full history

## JACOB 1.20
### What's New
*   Upgraded from VS2015 to VS 2019
*   Move from Sourceforge to GitHub
*   Updated Junit jars
*   VT_DATE and SafeArray
### Tracked Changes
| Item | Description |
|-|-|
| **Bugs**              | |
|                   | none |
| **Patches**           | |
| 48                | Update to VS2019 Community and Windows 10 libs |
| 1                 | Support VT_DATE getting from SafeArray |
| **Feature Requests**  | |
|                   | none |

## JACOB 1.19
### What's New
* Upgraded from Java 6 to Java 8 compilation
* Upgraded from junit 3.8.1 to 4.12
* Migrated from CVS to GIT using sourceforge migration instructions https://sourceforge.net/p/forge/documentation/CVS/
### Tracked Changes
| Item | Description |
|-|-|
| **Bugs**              | |
| 132	           | 32 bit ponters not convertd to 64 bit |
| 130              | Name value incorrect in Mainfest.MF affecting tamper check|
| **Patches**           | |
|                   | none |
| **Feature Requests**  | |
|                   | none |
